This mouth-watering McDonald’s ad is a perfect example of the Pavlovian theory. With attention to the “big. beefy. bliss.” burgers in the center of the ad, it is looking for a stimulated response from the viewer. It wants to pull the viewer in by its appetizing appeal. The marketers are trying to make the viewers hungry for these big burgers and draw them in to purchase it. I know when I see certain food commercials I instantly have a craving for that chocolate shake that looked so cold, refreshing and sweet! Thats a great tactic to get people to buy these items.

Another great tactic to get people to buy the product is to draw the viewers in by their well known logo and slogan, which is another rule by Pavlov. Using brand recognition, slogans and logos to help users familiarize themselves with the product. This ad has the famous McDonald’s “M” in the bottom right corner with their extremely catchy slogan “i’m lovin’ it ®”. Anyone who doesn’t live under a rock will recognize that logo. Putting logos on their ad’s will form a better connection for the viewer and greater attention to the company but it can’t be effective for every company.

To bring it all together, this ad in particular is effectively using the pavlovian theory which might work for those certain McDonald’s lovers, but not everyone. Unfortunately America associates McDonald’s with cheap and sometimes sketchy food. So yes everyone will know these big juicy burgers are from McDonalds but based off of society’s thoughts and expectations this ad with the logo on it could be something many viewers see and think, “well those look delicious but I know McDonald’s is gross so I’ll pass”. This shows that the Pavlovian theory is not always effective because it’s so easy for humans to form their own opinions and disregard the advertisement.